1. If our goal was to understand summary statistics at a glance, we could improve the display of the BLS table by highlighting the minimum and maximum values in the "Rate" column. We could also color each row in the table according to the corresponding value in the "Rate" column, using a deeper shade (i.e., higher saturation) for higher unemployment rates. Another approach could be using a bar graph to display the data in the "Rate" column. This visual encoding could be combined with the BLS table by adding an additional column, "Bar," to the table, which would contain a bar with length corresponding to the unemployment rate for each row. Yet another approach could be to encode the data in the "Rate" column using a choropleth map, again using higher saturations of color for higher unemployment rates. This encoding of the data would allow us to better communicate the geographic distribution of unemployment rates, and would also allow us to easily pick out survey statistics such as the minimum and maximum unemployment rates.

2. First, this [line graph](http://i.imgur.com/iL2HBPq.jpg) uses US Census data to show the change in median age at first marriage by sex, from 1890 to 2010. The same information could be presented using a table with columns for "Year," "Men," and "Women," but arranging the information using a line graph allows the author to better communicate trends in the data. Second, this visually compelling [series of heat map and a bar graph hybrids](http://files.lsecities.net/files/2011/11/2011_chw_2050_01.gif) compares population densities in a handful of cities. Again, this information could be presented using a series of tables, each with columns for "City Block" and "Population." However, encoding the information visually using combinations of heat maps and bar graphs allows the reader to *see* each city's population distribution. Third, this [animated choropleth map](http://i.imgur.com/eSLdVg7.gif) depicts US unemployment rates from 2006 to 2013; the choropleth map uses higher saturations of green to encode higher unemployment rates. This data is the same as that found in the BLS tables, but is presented in a much more interesting format which allows us to better understand the geographic distribution of unemployment rates and watch as the country dips into recession.